GPG - sign & verify pax files (#852)
zopencommunity/meta: docs/Guides/ThePackageManager.md

# Signing & verifying using zopen framework
* `zopen-build` can now generate signed builds, and `zopen-install` can verify the signature before installation.

* We can enable signed builds using the `--sign-pax` or `-sp` option. If this option is set, it reads the **ZOPEN\_GPG\_SECRET\_KEY\_FILE** and its passphrase from **ZOPEN\_GPG\_SECRET\_KEY\_PASSPHRASE_FILE** to sign the file. The public key is read from **ZOPEN_GPG\_PUBLIC\_KEY\_FILE**.
<br/>These files are mandatory for signing a file.

* The public key and the signed file details are written to metadata.json (this JSON is not part of the PAX).

> * Further, during installation, the signed file will be verified. We have a `--skip-verify` to bypass verification of signed PAX files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* During installation, the signed file will be verified against the signature and public key. Not recommended:  If you prefer to bypass verification of signed PAX files, specify `--skip-verify`.
```
